# Final Project Documentation

## Hotel Capitalist (current name)
This project will be a simulation of managing a hotel, with some game-like aspects added onto it.  
It will involve making decisions on a "turn" to "turn" basis. These decisions would influence certain variable's of your business, such as popularity, staff, room number, etc. It will also have random events happen each turn, with the way you handle them causing some sort of consequence, whether good or bad. This will make a game loop of both what to focus on each turn, as well as choosing how to handle events as they come by. The game will likely have multiple endings, based on if you get some certian amount of money by the end of the game, dont get enough money, or if you go bankrupt. Either way, I think this gameplay loop should work well if done right.  
When it comes to intended users, they would simply be whoever wants to play to game. Due to being a game, this is kind of an easy observation.  
As for what problems this game is meant to solve... I guess boredom? That's typically what games try and fix. Oh, and I guess this also solves the problem of me needing to make a final project. On yop of that, it would likely appeal to those who like text based games who also wants to simulate managing a hotel.  
For technologies and structures... I'll probably need to make a class or two involving the hotel itself. This would track things such as how many rooms it has, how many employees it has, how much money it currently has, it's popularity, staff and customer satisfaction, etc. I'll also need a class representing a random event, which I could make subclasses of to represent different types of events. Also, the hotel itself, as well as events, will need interactable text menus. I can do this through an interface, as there are multiple things I'll need it to apply to. Also relating to events, I plan to generate and store them in an arraylist at the beginning of each turn. This will, obviously, require an arraylist. However, there's also generation to think about. Specifically, I want there to be universal events that can always happen, as well as situational events that only appear if, for instance, you chose a certain buisiness focus at the start fo the turn, such as expanding your number of rooms or something. This would serve to try and mix things up a bit.

## Use-case diagram
